# Housing-Prices-Prediction
The task to perform is to build a model of housing prices in California using the California census data. This data has metrics such as the population, median income, median housing price, and so on for each block group in California. Block groups are the smallest
geographical unit for which the US Census Bureau publishes sample data (a block group typically has a population of 600 to 3,000 people). We will just call them “districts” for short.
Your model should learn from this data and be able to predict the median housing price in any district, given all the other metrics.

it is clearly a typical supervised learning task since you are given labeled training examples (each instance comes with the expected output, i.e., the district’s median housing price). Moreover, it is also a typical regression task, since you are asked to predict a value. More specifically, this is a multiple regression problem since the system will use multiple features to make a prediction (it will use the district’s population, the median income, etc.). It is also a univariate regression problem since we are only trying to predict a single value for each district. If we were trying to predict multiple values per district, it would be a multivariate regression problem. Finally, there is no continuous flow of data coming in the system, there is no particular need to adjust to changing data rapidly, and the data is small enough to fit in memory, so plain batch learning should do just fine
